node/state:bootstrap state api (#1057)
cometbft/cometbft: .changelog/unreleased/breaking-changes/1057-bootstrap-state-api.md

> - `[node/state]` Add API to bootstrap blockstore and statestore to a height. Make sure blocksync starts syncing from bootstrapped height. 
>   ([\#1057](https://github.com/tendermint/tendermint/pull/#1057)) (@yihuang)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `[node/state]` Add API to bootstrap block store and state store to a height. Make sure block sync starts syncing from bootstrapped height. 
  ([\#1057](https://github.com/tendermint/tendermint/pull/#1057)) (@yihuang)
```

> - `[state/store]` (api-breaking) Added functions to save height at which offline statesync is performed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `[state/store]` Added functions to save height at which offline state sync is performed. 
```

> - `[node/state]` Add API to bootstrap block store and state store to a height. Make sure block sync starts syncing from bootstrapped height. 
>   ([\#1057](https://github.com/tendermint/tendermint/pull/#1057)) (@yihuang)
> - `[state/store]` Added functions to save height at which offline state sync is performed. 
>   ([\#1057](https://github.com/tendermint/tendermint/pull/#1057)) (@jmalicevic)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `[node/state]` Add Go API to bootstrap block store and state store to a height. Make sure block sync starts syncing from bootstrapped height. 
  ([\#1057](https://github.com/tendermint/tendermint/pull/#1057)) (@yihuang)
- `[state/store]` Added Go functions to save height at which offline state sync is performed. 
  ([\#1057](https://github.com/tendermint/tendermint/pull/#1057)) (@jmalicevic)
```
